Fix for SEO 2024 chapter (#3972)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2024/seo.md

### Home page usage

{{ figure_markup(
  image="amp-markup-on-desktop-vs-mobile-home-pages.png",

>   caption="AMP Markup on Desktop vs. Mobile Homepages",

Reviewer: Title case and "home pages"

```suggestion
  caption="AMP markup on desktop vs. mobile home pages",
```

>   description="Column chart showing percentage of desktop and mobile homepage AMP markup attributes. HTML AMP Attribute is used on 0.04% of desktop pages. HTML AMP & Emoji Attribute is used on 0.01% of desktop pages, while HTML AMP or Emoji Attribute is used on 0.05% of desktop pages, and the Rel AMP HTML tag is used on 0.37% of desktop pages. On mobile, it was 0.27%, 0.06%, 0.33% and 0.63%, respectively.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Column chart showing percentage of desktop and mobile home page AMP markup attributes. HTML AMP Attribute is used on 0.04% of desktop pages. HTML AMP & Emoji Attribute is used on 0.01% of desktop pages, while HTML AMP or Emoji Attribute is used on 0.05% of desktop pages, and the Rel AMP HTML tag is used on 0.37% of desktop pages. On mobile, it was 0.27%, 0.06%, 0.33% and 0.63%, respectively.",
```
